TRAINING
brawl brawler
reciprocate reciprocation
bankrupt bankruptcy
arrive arrival
unite uniting
color coloring
pay payer
dub dubbing
excel excellence
dock docking
show showing
jog jogging
tie tying
charge charger
lower lowering
enhance enhancement
serve server
stabilize stabilizer
anticipate foreboding
exacerbate exacerbation
contract contractor
retail retailer
compose component
ooze oozing
calibrate caliber
call caller
exclaim exclaiming
state statement
drink drinker
float flotation
inhibit inhibition
pace pacing
refine refinery
split splitter
mug mugging
pacify pacification
bless blessing
perceive perception
live living
vomit vomiting
orchestrate orchestra
dirty dirtying
savage savagery
measure measuring
position positioning
save savings
formulate formula
audit auditor
guess guessing
compose composing
stock stocking
cushion cushioning
educate educator
theorise theory
melt melting
presume presumption
infect infection
disparage disparagement
purchase purchaser
revert reverting
ostracise ostracism
desert desertion
refuel refueling
oust ousting
quadruple quadrupling
validate validation
impeach impeachment
mask masking
reconstruct reconstruction
collaborate collaborator
atone atonement
decompose decomposition
contribute contribution
butcher butchery
box boxer
pollute polluter
ascend ascension
course coursing
radiate radiance
propose proposition
inter interment
putt putter
wheel wheeling
scoot scooter
crawl crawler
subcontract subcontractor
invalidate invalidation
occupy occupant
talk talker
attract attraction
stimulate stimulus
assist assistant
condescend condescension
flatter flattery
intimidate intimidation
test tester
animate animator
sculpt sculpture
mill milling
disembark disembarkation
rub rubbing
center centering
assist assistance
write writer
patent patentee
repulse repulsion
dictate dictation
wring wringer
interpret interpreter
rescind rescission
ravage ravaging
inject injection
polish polishing
identify identification
participate participation
drill drilling
name naming
underwrite underwriter
process processing
retire retiree
invent inventor
heckle heckling
offer offering
value valuer
absent absence
reorient reorientation
go goer
watch watcher
invest investing
persecute persecution
reveal revealing
patch patching
conduct conductor
seize seizure
repay repayment
disappear disappearance
resettle resettlement
retain retention
float floatation
avert aversion
expire expiration
divide divider
optimize optimum
amputate amputation
stir stirring
flash flashing
pretend pretense
comfort comforter
embody embodiment
tend tender
export exportation
group grouping
coagulate coagulation
kick kicker
summon summoning
equate equating
condemn condemnation
impress impression
typify type
toast toasting
intensify intensification
number numbering
signify significance
poison poisoning
globalize globalization
prune pruning
normalize normalization
debrief debriefing
drink drunkard
tense tension
overproduce overproduction
consume consumption
export exporter
confine confinement
sleep sleeping
rope roping
concede concession
connect connector
raft rafter
harmonize harmonization
back backing
garden gardener
list listing
clear clearing
appeal appellant
moderate curb
tail tailing
recede recession
conscript conscription
paper papering
finish finisher
print printing
haggle haggling
combine combination
commission commissioner
shun shunning
baffle mystification
bag bagging
mark marker
chicane chicanery
win winner
stripe striping
save saver
plan planner
beautify beauty
hawk hawking
cycle cycling
hold holder
roof roofing
astonish astonishment
induce inducement
advertise advertisement
mystify mystification
reposition repositioning
pen penning
hit hitting
produce production
reallocate reallocation
float floater
march marching
finish finishing
write writing
enrich enrichment
coin coinage
steer steerage
cleanse cleansing
corroborate corroboration
insulate insulator
invent invention
slow slowing
navigate navigation
centralize centralization
hear hearing
appraise appraisal
communicate communication
canton cantonment
multiply multiplication
substitute substitution
suffer suffering
expend expending
reside resident
spend spending
race racer
peddle peddling
boat boating
urinate urination
torture torturing
bust buster
electrocute electrocution
undertake undertaking
puzzle puzzlement
stroll stroller
deprive deprivation
tape taping
choke choker
meddle meddler
negotiate negotiation
intrude intruder
concede conceding
circumvent circumvention
slay slaying
thin thinner
ski skier
pension pensioner
flirt flirtation
affiliate affiliation
commit committal
divide division
repress repression
repulse drive
duck ducking
carbonate carbon
pun punning
prod prodding
transform transformation
keep keeper
cup cupping
whack whacking
revolt revolution
shell shelling
infringe infringement
translate translation
qualify qualifying
infest infestation
snorkel snorkeling
analyze analyst
revert reversion
press pressing
effectuate effect
line liner
war warrior
liquify liquid
revere reverence
haul hauler
deal dealings
space spacing
strike striking
surf surfer
launder laundry
vaporize vapor
contaminate contaminant
televise television
snap snapper
imprison imprisonment
insist insisting
perfect perfection
widen widening
immunize immunization
boil boiler
pilot piloting
survey surveyor
ramp rampage
orbit orbiter
disarm disarmament
ruin ruining
omit omission
seal sealer
swab swabbing
veer veering
lodge lodgings
perpetrate perpetrator
truck trucker
earn earner
accommodate accommodation
sum summation
tip tipper
addict addiction
illuminate illumination
segregate segregation
materialize materialization
radiate radiation
reshuffle reshuffling
enjoy enjoyment
shout shouting
unveil unveiling
punt punter
size sizing
curl curler
simulate simulation
stretch stretching
reappraise reappraisal
migrate migrant
monopolize monopolization
case casing
induce inducing
snipe sniper
capitulate capitulation
exploit exploitation
root rooting
monopolize monopolist
bind bindery
thump thumping
eventuate event
intersect intersection
purchase purchasing
convene convening
submit submission
quiver quivering
feign feigning
incriminate crime
interrogate interrogator
digest digestion
retrieve retrieval
fish fishing
ransack ransacking
frame framing
avenge avenger
abhor abhorrence
delete deletion
light lighter
cite citation
tan tanning
ebb ebbing
prostrate prostration
commit commission
kill killing
prevaricate prevarication
procure procurer
heal healing
sub subbing
comprehend comprehension
nurse nursing
seal sealant
argue argumentation
detonate detonator
protest protester
operate operator
prostitute prostitution
bake baking
discourage discouragement
misunderstand misunderstanding
book booking
execute executing
submerge submersion
fix fixing
engage engagement
incorporate incorporation
expose exposure
synchronize synchronizing
celebrate celebrant
tan tannery
restore restoration
stroke stroking
contract contraction
scavenge scavenger
conciliate conciliation
demarcate demarcation
refine refinement
punish punishment
invest investiture
focus focusing
attribute attribution
read reader
sever severance
tack tacking
please pleaser
deregulate deregulating
rail railing
engrave engraving
recommend recommendation
measure measurer
prompt prompting
angle angler
banish banishment
vent venting
litigate litigation
seal sealing
join joining
donate donation
interpret interpretation
start starting
liquidate liquidation
commentate comment
procreate procreation
honor honoring
quantify quantity
hold holding
hum humming
port porter
reinforce reinforcement
compose composer
except exception
beat beating
calibrate calibration
watch watching
grasp grasping
electrify electricity
transform transformer
disfigure disfigurement
cartoon cartoonist
conduct conducting
appear appearance
maximize maximum
prospect prospector
farm farmer
personify personification
rush rushing
plate plating
proscribe proscription
err error
sculpt sculptor
intrude intrusion
impose imposition
purify purification
advertise advertising
exhibit exhibition
take taking
nourish nourishment
elaborate elaboration
replace replacement
camp camping
game gaming
conform conformance
throw thrower
economize economy
affirm affirmation
confederate confederation
convict conviction
disconnect disconnection
abuse abuser
dignify dignity
press pressure
accrue accrual
detonate detonation
savor savoring
permit permission
diversify diversity
dine diner
bowl bowler
market marketing
create creature
confess confession
heave heaver
down downer
insert insertion
fabricate fabricator
pilfer pilferage
relinquish relinquishing
bounce bouncer
shave shaving
admit admission
spot spotting
kick kicking
hijack hijacker
legitimate legitimacy
sedate sedation
register registry
cancel cancellation
haul haulage
flood flooding
waver wavering
tolerate toleration
harvest harvester
thrust thrusting
overtake overtaking
rob robber
cleave cleaver
dilate dilatation
chatter chattering
mourn mourner
hesitate hesitation
reassess reassessment
compile compiling
magnify magnitude
landscape landscaping
falsify falsification
spatter spattering
bleed bleeding
ventilate ventilator
improvise improvisation
further furtherance
dispense dispenser
deconstruct deconstruction
parachute parachuting
walk walker
breed breeding
impersonate persona
deposit deposition
blast blaster
connect connexion
transgress transgression
retrospect retrospection
direct directive
probate probation
bleed bleeder
neutralize neutralization
image imaging
cooperate cooperation
elect electorate
impute imputation
shrink shrinking
record recording
peruse perusal
signal signaling
field fielder
draw drawing
recede receding
disinfect disinfectant
instruct instructor
discuss discussion
pretend pretending
wink winking
polish polisher
detract detraction
load loading
lug luggage
till tillage
play player
locate location
irritate irritant
pass passage
detoxify detoxification
distribute distribution
rob robbery
reflect reflector
weigh weighing
transmit transmission
swindle swindler
rival rivalry
ready readying
consolidate consolidation
shear shearing
enlarge enlargement
sack sacking
heat heater
rediscover rediscovery
achieve achievement
study studying
employ employee
correspond correspondent
play playing
portray portraiture
criticize critic
kidnap kidnapping
process processor
revolve revolution
freelance freelancer
qualify qualification
exonerate exoneration
supply supplying
mix mixing
prime primer
trumpet trumpeter
test testing
question questioner
equalize equalizer
relax relaxation
annihilate annihilation
escalate escalation
transport transporter
mediate mediation
reform reformist
splash splashing
transit transition
apologize apology
bottle bottler
wave waving
respond respondent
zip zipper
wear wearing
prolong prolongation
remain remainder
forbid forbidding
personify persona
precede precedent
run runner
invert inversion
blend blender
skip skipper
revive revival
enter entry
rent rental
necessitate necessity
forest forestry
furnish furniture
resent resentment
skim skimming
concentrate concentration
gossip gossiping
lynch lynching
acknowledge acknowledgment
incubate incubator
shirk shirking
bat batting
solidify solidifying
inhibit inhibitor
defoliate defoliation
burn burner
reminisce reminiscence
saturate saturation
dissemble dissembling
recite recitation
operate operation
sap sapper
stand standing
joke joker
adjudicate adjudicator
dredge dredger
speak speaker
depress depressant
formulate formulation
strike striker
fortify fortification
stack stacker
legislate legislator
innovate innovator
portray portraying
upend upending
ventilate ventilation
elevate elevator
cater caterer
mesh meshing
grade grading
reiterate reiteration
heat heating
hurry hurrying
poach poaching
repute reputation
conceive concept
commute commuting
snoop snooper
clip clipping
green greenery
pitch pitching
hunt hunter
compete competition
thicken thickening
supervise supervisor
emphasize emphasizing
fund funding
debunk debunking
fight fighting
convert conversion
damp damper
part parting
reorganize reorganization
condition conditioning
tumble tumbling
suffocate suffocation
remit remission
shred shredder
question questioning
interview interviewer
revise revision
tend tendency
join junction
presuppose presupposition
withhold withholding
install installment
command commandant
pollute pollutant
gut gutter
inactivate inactivation
fasten fastening
sue suit
consecrate consecration
end ending
conglomerate conglomeration
use usage
concord concurrence
harass harassment
remit remittance
move motion
index indexing
reassure reassurance
prohibit prohibition
roast roasting
lobby lobbyist
swathe swathing
muse musing
purge purging
present presentation
distill distillery
thicken thickener
transplant transplanting
discontent discontentment
evaluate evaluation
overreact overreaction
enter entrance
pollute pollution
endow endowment
diminish diminution
work worker
pair pairing
meditate meditation
rule ruling
master mastering
illustrate illustrator
sling slinging
rouse rousing
demonize demon
participate participant
douse dousing
venture venturer
legislate legislature
feel feelings
pose poser
lag lagging
defame defamation
purify purity
page pager
tune tuning
goad goading
converge converging
circulate circle
inspire inspiration
finger fingering
recite recital
pray prayer
intend intention
ruminate rumen
usurp usurpation
ease easement
apply application
compute computer
refer name
abstain abstention
retract retractor
dilate dilation
establish establishment
emigrate emigration
advocate advocacy
diffuse diffusion
exhibit exhibitor
notify notification
attach attachment
intoxicate intoxication
dedicate dedication
corrupt corruption
regress regression
quote quotation
account accountant
express expression
behold beholder
irrigate irrigation
freeze freezing
constitute constitution
ride rider
forecast forecaster
elect elector
suck sucker
read reading
name citation
wholesale wholesaler
obey obedience
pass passer
count counting
persevere perseverance
dwell dwelling
titillate titillation
reckon reckoning
dismantle dismantling
quicken quickening
coordinate coordinator
devote devotion
cede cession
hack hacker
surround surroundings
claim claimant
believe believer
whisper whispering
relapse relapsing
dispose disposition
compute computation
install installing
reform reformer
evaluate value
lodge lodgement
come coming
electrify electrification
forestall forestalling
deregulate deregulation
suggest suggestion
suspect suspicion
contend contention
belong belongings
finance financing
reform reformation
begin beginning
simmer simmering
dress dressing
mutiny mutineer
announce announcement
replace replacing
join juncture
debar debarment
trail trailing
impede impediment
fit fitter
relieve reliever
mutilate mutilation
forecast forecasting
mortgage mortgagee
cremate cremation
perpetrate perpetration
deny denial
phrase phrasing
bury burial
negotiate negotiator
confide confidence
tune tuner
conceal concealing
declassify declassification
justify justification
flower flowering
precipitate precipitation
immerse immersion
add addition
confiscate confiscation
connive connivance
tease teaser
inhale inhalation
turn turner
misrepresent misrepresentation
figure figuring
abandon abandonment
reunify reunion
calculate calculation
muffle muffler
idle idling
compress compressor
invade invasion
equalize equalization
exhaust exhaustion
pack package
distort distortion
project projector
post posting
school schooling
restrain restraint
drive driving
sew sewer
modernize modernization
relinquish relinquishment
educate education
copy copier
oxygenate oxygenation
displease displeasure
govern government
tax taxer
trump trumping
blink blinking
possess possession
brew brewer
settle settling
buy buyer
filter filtration
marry married
indict indictment
love lover
accuse accusation
intervene intervention
lead leader
web webbing
dig digger
stonewall stonewalling
close closing
sound sounding
raid raider
recover recovery
ascend ascent
disappear disappearing
terminate termination
generate generator
matriculate matriculation
verify verification
blow blowing
pertain pertinence
abduct abductor
redeem redemption
pull pulling
reelect reelection
master mastery
train trainee
license licensee
diet dieting
deport deportment
act acting
cool cooler
ignite ignition
weep weeping
elude eluding
employ employer
refresh refreshment
clamor clamoring
abort abortion
coax coaxing
staple stapler
commentate commentator
win winning
bribe bribery
eliminate elimination
detain detainee
instigate instigator
slug slugger
document documentation
fire firing
breathe breather
wane waning
hang hanger
golf golfing
ferry ferrying
select selector
humiliate humiliation
elope elopement
recalculate recalculation
punch puncher
protect protector
link linkage
create creator
coexist coexistence
feel feeling
march marcher
investigate investigator
pick picking
counsel counseling
ship shipping
defend defendant
tie tier
levitate levitation
found foundation
shield shielding
sing singing
rotate rotation
realize realization
refuse refusal
plant planting
encourage encouragement
crush crushing
reason reasoning
research researcher
aggravate aggravation
beautify beautification
injure injury
shift shifting
foil foiling
predict prediction
repeat repetition
tell tale
challenge challenger
spoil spoiling
mistake mistaking
alter alteration
pace pacer
molest molestation
energize energizing
strain straining
shut shutting
export exporting
pick pickings
dissent dissenter
smoke smoking
type typist
defile defilement
sweeten sweetening
inoculate inoculating
flutter fluttering
reach reaching
erupt eruption
lunch lunching
send sending
absorb absorbent
let letter
take taker
align alignment
commune communion
shorten shortening
cast caster
ripple rippling
grapple grappling
rescue rescuer
collect collector
depict depiction
repel repellent
code coding
bump bumper
computerize computer
embezzle embezzlement
suffer sufferer
browse browser
substitute substituting
codify code
lease lessee
revolutionize revolution
deliver delivery
shake shaker
subsidize subsidy
build building
experiment experimentation
brainstorm brainstorming
organize organization
mature maturation
score scoring
react reaction
hurdle hurdling
round rounder
ordain ordinance
stow stowing
translate translator
reconnoitre reconnaissance
misstate misstatement
wax waxing
visit visiting
disbar disbarment
separate separator
publicize publicist
reimburse reimbursement
consume consumer
deduct deduction
integrate integrating
rinse rinsing
reject rejection
preempt preemption
graduate graduation
impart imparting
multiply multiplier
teach teacher
dispose disposal
falsify falsifying
shave shaver
wrangle wrangling
mail mailing
coach coaching
withdraw withdrawal
strew strewing
block blocker
devolve devolution
board boarder
fall accrual
pressurize pressure
reside residence
kill killer
mediate mediator
dye dyeing
dethrone dethronement
waste waster
maintain maintenance
consult consultation
undo undoing
smoke smoker
absolve absolution
demonstrate demonstrator
motivate motive
resign resignation
map mapping
monitor monitoring
gravitate gravity
bite biter
procure procurement
terrify terror
dismember dismemberment
originate origination
sparkle sparkling
intend intent
predispose predisposition
acclimatise climate
dissolve dissolving
signify sign
unfold unfolding
distract distraction
dominate dominance
incriminate incrimination
summarize summary
gather gatherer
estimate estimator
decompress decompressing
spit spitting
bat batter
wrestle wrestling
unmask unmasking
abolish abolishment
complete completion
associate association
whir whirring
cycle cyclist
harden hardening
narrow narrowing
enlighten enlightenment
solicit solicitation
go going
schedule scheduling
dislocate dislocation
reap reaper
manifest manifestation
nest nester
deteriorate deterioration
admire admiration
pay payment
listen listener
stagnate stagnancy
reduce reducer
sled sledding
lay layer
oppress oppression
violate violation
soar soaring
track tracker
allude allusion
steal stealing
instill instilling
attend attendance
receive receiver
conserve conservation
splinter splintering
ascribe ascription
remind reminder
imagine imagination
clothe clothing
fumigate fumigation
betray betrayal
absorb absorber
dissent dissension
frustrate frustration
refine refiner
smock smocking
deactivate deactivation
sail sailor
outfit outfitting
please pleasing
melt melter
court courting
characterize character
paint painting
deliberate deliberation
allocate allocation
buff buffer
pilot pilotage
slip slippage
collaborate collaboration
edit editor
constrict constriction
measure measurement
switch switcher
implement implementation
buzz buzzer
flirt flirting
hunt hunting
detach detachment
vary variation
intensify intensity
eject ejector
haul hauling
liquidate liquidator
insulate insulation
temper temperance
traffic trafficker
simplify simplification
rearm rearmament
stitch stitcher
frisk frisking
obliterate obliteration
creak creaking
ostracize ostracism
flee flight
bomb bombing
argue argument
streak streaker
close closure
hike hiker
waste wastage
miscalculate miscalculation
invest investment
avoid avoidance
chart chartist
infiltrate infiltration
pack packer
innovate innovation
make making
reconnoitre reconnoitring
fail failure
knit knitting
amend amendment
prefer preference
fork forking
initiate initiation
extort extortion
synchronize synchronization
trade trader
land lander
credit creditor
string stringer
energize energy
entertain entertainment
ride riding
steer steering
cleave cleavage
strangle strangling
represent representation
knock knocking
coordinate coordination
diversify diversification
utilize utility
swim swimming
limit limitation
shatter shattering
tickle tickling
employ employment
correspond correspondence
fashion fashioning
stick sticker
strengthen strengthening
stew stewing
govern governor
inject injector
stalk stalker
characterize characterization
choke choking
acquire acquiring
hanker hankering
cause causation
decelerate deceleration
mop mopping
evolve evolution
improve improver
digitize digit
intermediate intermediation
qualify qualifier
strive striving
wither withering
crush crusher
register registration
command commander
contradict contradiction
prepay prepayment
slice slicing
arbitrage arbitrager
vary variance
surface surfacing
unify unification
wean weaning
roll rolling
raise raising
mold molding
retail retailing
attend attention
support supporter
reinterpret reinterpretation
shape shaping
sequester sequestration
sterilize sterilization
precede predecessor
format formatting
racketeer racketeering
wander wanderer
appoint appointee
defect defection
incur incurring
proceed procession
condense condenser
count counter
chip chipping
assign assignee
freshen freshener
think thinker
disbelieve disbeliever
augment augmentation
estimate estimation
resume resumption
subvert subversion
jump jumping
tell teller
track tracking
conceal concealment
evade evasion
resurrect resurrection
yawn yawning
captivate captive
adorn adornment
decontaminate decontamination
detail detailing
help helping
expatriate expatriation
roll roller
bank banking
skateboard skateboarding
baptise baptism
sense sensing
plant planter
prevent prevention
use user
brief briefing
lodge lodger
subsidize subsidization
prevail prevalence
view viewer
spread spreading
concoct concoction
complain complainant
slate slating
smelt smelter
regulate regulator
trace tracer
continue continuance
blow blower
double doubling
see seeing
handicap handicapper
reprint reprinting
fade fading
retake retaking
retaliate retaliation
integrate integrator
couple coupling
retract retraction
twist twisting
groom grooming
organize organizer
jab jabbing
serve serving
skate skating
spill spillage
congregate congregation
forge forger
brew brewery
salt salting
draw drawer
starve starvation
infuriate fury
railroad railroading
magnify magnifier
sign signing
decentralize decentralization
inflame inflaming
secede secession
console consolation
tackle tackler
till tiller
mitigate mitigation
combine combining
conceive conception
breathe breathing
waive waiver
preserve preserver
recollect recollection
collude collusion
misread misreading
judge judging
be being
conspire conspiracy
deport deportation
redeploy redeployment
cook cookery
automate automation
carve carving
encode encoding
degenerate degeneration
personify person
loosen loosening
say saying
rejoice rejoicing
thrash thrashing
isolate isolation
disillusion disillusionment
pop popping
profane profanation
fly flying
please pleasure
demolish demolition
wilt wilting
unify unit
rally rallying
weld welding
renew renewal
worsen worsening
give giver
understand understanding
extract extraction
wreck wreckage
determine determinant
imply implication
profess profession
harvest harvesting
inflate inflation
move movement
convert converter
spray spraying
object objector
decay decadent
incite incitement
parcel parceling
poke poking
enforce enforcement
retire retirement
miniaturize miniaturization
consist consistency
counteract counteraction
cut cutting
cultivate cultivation
confuse confusion
grate grating
percolate percolation
think thinking
calculate calculator
bind binder
twitch twitching
tap tapper
function functionary
obstruct obstruction
lend lender
die dying
ski skiing
transfer transferor
outfit outfitter
disintegrate disintegration
intercede intercession
triple tripling
found founding
publish publishing
extinguish extinguishing
starve starving
disburse disbursement
putt putting
tile tiling
pursue pursuit
desolate desolation
sputter sputtering
mourn mourning
describe description
stifle stifling
slack slacker
pirate piracy
preach preaching
detract detractor
empower empowerment
wish wishing
debate debater
implode implosion
reintroduce reintroduction
merchandise merchandiser
prepare preparation
equip equipment
grind grinder
erode erosion
denigrate denigration
shiver shivering
supply supplier
referee refereeing
solve solving
wine winery
stall stalling
concur concurrence
inscribe inscription
accelerate accelerator
fast fasting
ranch ranching
steamroll steamroller
program programing
assassinate assassin
sniff sniffer
pick picker
repel repellant
howl howler
occupy occupier
shoot shooter
sweat sweating
facilitate facilitation
observe observance
originate origin
inform informing
inhabit inhabitant
observe observation
insure insurance
preoccupy preoccupation
depict picture
hang hanging
swerve swerving
lock locker
instal installing
spar sparring
devalue devaluation
excise excision
bound bounder
conquer conquering
interact interaction
execute execution
scout scouting
wet wetter
vary variate
issue issuing
ascend ascendancy
adopt adoption
push pushing
intimate intimation
spot spotter
restore restorer
mystify mystery
defer deferment
live liver
drain drainage
moor mooring
mail mailer
partition partitioning
arbitrate arbiter
prowl prowler
film filming
spin spinning
refer referral
purify purifier
fall faller
pose posing
devaluate devaluation
afflict affliction
endorse endorsement
insist insistence
wed wedding
extract extractor
anoint anointment
magnify magnification
waterproof waterproofing
visit visitor
open opener
garden gardening
interrupt interruption
repair repairer
wait waiting
launch launcher
bulldoze bulldozer
propagate propagation
develop developer
reconsider reconsideration
renounce renunciation
pasteurize pasteurization
evacuate evacuation
conclude conclusion
endure endurance
inundate inundation
row rowing
scrutinize scrutiny
devote devotee
stand standard
stoke stoker
differentiate difference
spank spanking
trek trekker
profess professing
stain stainer
deviate deviation
meddle meddling
pelt pelting
appear apparition
murmur murmuring
victimize victim
arrest arrester
attack attacker
mat matting
publish publisher
preside president
apprehend apprehension
forfeit forfeiture
plunder plundering
canal canalization
pervert perversion
beat beater
vibrate vibrancy
clip clipper
direct place
draft drafting
embarrass embarrassment
proceed proceeding
advise advisory
hammer hammering
supplant supplanting
rig rigging
forge forging
pry prying
abstain abstinence
circumnavigate circumnavigation
commit commitment
enter entree
machine machinery
disappoint disappointment
tolerate tolerance
moderate moderation
plow plowing
gratify gratification
exaggerate exaggeration
communicate communicator
diverge divergence
visit visitation
violate violator
privatize privatization
tamp tamper
exhaust depletion
compel compulsion
untangle untangling
expropriate expropriation
wire wiring
oppose opponent
wrestle wrestler
abolish abolition
urge urgency
insure insurer
perform performer
enjoin injunction
aspire aspirant
mandate mandatory
hatch hatching
ranch rancher
greet greeting
disinvest undress
delegate delegating
pale pallor
remove remover
jut jutting
persist persistence
depend dependency
top topper
wander wandering
manufacture manufacturer
solder soldering
supervise supervising
jail jailer
curtail curtailment
sight sighting
loot looter
subordinate subordination
wear wearer
break breakage
instigate instigation
page paging
yield yielding
excavate excavation
irradiate irradiation
glorify glory
lose loser
perspire perspiration
render rendering
pass passing
stunt stunting
interdict interdiction
entrench entrenchment
excavate excavator
authenticate authentication
stiffen stiffening
correct correction
disseminate dissemination
regulate regulating
sting stinging
reconcile reconciliation
admire admirer
deploy deployment
dictate dictator
yacht yachting
visualize visualization
exist existence
squeeze squeezing
train training
mate mating
import importing
hinder hindrance
taunt taunting
suppress suppressor
install installation
forage foraging
exemplify example
fuse fusion
proceed proceedings
investigate investigation
understate understatement
wash washing
sit sitter
ally alliance
savor relish
doubt doubter
enact enactment
drift drifting
sleep sleeper
distinguish distinction
screen screener
flog flogging
close closer
scaffold scaffolding
monetize monetization
ship shipment
clot clotting
redefine redefinition
spur spurring
impound impoundment
scan scanning
resemble resemblance
unionize unionization
possess possessor
extract expression
tabulate table
spoil spoilage
derogate derogation
compose composition
subscribe subscription
sprint sprinter
readjust readjustment
abate abatement
cover coverage
decorate decoration
limit limiter
draft draftee
rebut rebuttal
better betterment
sprinkle sprinkling
hug hugging
notify notice
spell spelling
dine dining
volunteer voluntary
tow towage
cut cutter
nationalize nationalization
emulate emulator
design designing
simulate simulator
proceed procedure
rise riser
sell seller
ratify ratification
broadcast broadcaster
ward warder
suspend suspender
petition petitioner
merchandise merchandising
carry carrier
wake waking
vaccinate vaccinating
handle handler
type typing
provoke provocation
dampen dampener
pollinate pollen
service servicing
occupy occupation
integrate integration
despair desperation
categorize category
obsess obsession
demote demotion
import importation
persist persistency
cease cessation
develop developing
repatriate repatriation
identify identity
dispense dispensary
rate rating
balloon balloonist
execute executor
forsake forsaking
form formation
repudiate repudiation
dissuade dissuasion
engrave gravure
diagnose diagnosis
jest jester
peel peeling
convey conveyer
coerce coercion
hedge hedging
trail trailer
advertise advertiser
deliver deliverance
assert assertion
handle handling
crystallize crystal
comment commentary
smuggle smuggling
consign consignee
rustle rustling
fragment fragmentation
amortize amortization
rumble rumbling
ration rationing
stop stoppage
weave weaver
quarter quarters
infer inference
vindicate vindication
ease easing
navigate navigator
exchange exchanger
misappropriate misappropriation
slacken slackening
will willing
incarnate incarnation
deal dealer
admonish admonition
bark barker
thaw thawing
dine dinner
scrub scrubber
steep steeper
seduce seducer
start starter
jot jotting
winnow winnowing
stimulate stimulant
monopolize monopoly
rationalize rationalization
minimize minimum
testify testimony
assess assessor
sweep sweeping
subject subjection
encroach encroachment
confront confrontation
note notation
congregate congregating
propel propeller
render rendition
lecture lecturer
gamble gambler
program programmer
teach teaching
mend mending
consummate consummation
fold folding
amplify amplifier
govern governance
culminate culmination
park parking
professionalize professionalization
imitate imitator
coalesce coalition
destroy destruction
induct induction
swim swimmer
clarify clarification
recreate recreation
cheat cheating
skip colloquialism
devise devising
race racing
degrade degradation
fly flyer
detect detection
drum drummer
deepen deepening
elect election
adventure adventurer
thrust thruster
tend tending
defend defender
present presentment
separate separation
sin sinner
transmit transmitter
guide guidance
codify codification
rule ruler
introduce introduction
activate activation
boost booster
resonate resonance
standardize standard
congratulate congratulation
observe observer
net netting
impair impairment
sail sailing
green greening
commute commutation
discover discovery
stone stoning
sit sitting
interview interviewee
frost frosting
subjugate subjugation
roar roaring
mock mockery
decide deciding
suppress suppression
foreshadow foreshadowing
incur incursion
pound pounding
militarize militarization
clean cleaning
cohabit cohabitation
divorce divorcee
discriminate discrimination
deduce deduction
motorcycle motorcycling
arrange arrangement
entice enticement
truck trucking
feather feathering
refocus refocusing
sneeze sneezing
puff puffing
smack smacking
penetrate penetration
burglarize burglary
mistreat mistreatment
fix fixture
thrill thriller
falcon falconry
speculate speculation
thin thinning
slam slammer
snort drug
emigrate emigrant
flute fluting
face facing
stockpile stockpiling
jostle jostling
warm warming
administer administration
fingerprint fingerprinting
connect connection
down carry
file filing
reside residency
golf golfer
fulfill fulfillment
swear swearing
price pricing
comb combing
send sender
misinterpret misinterpretation
void voiding
squat squatting
study student
impoverish impoverishment
modify modification
scrub scrubbing
dominate dominion
theorize theory
sweeten sweetener
hook hooking
combat combatant
remain continuation
condense condensate
yearn yearning
indent indenture
remember remembering
howl howling
nullify nullification
warehouse warehousing
merge merger
originate originator
acquiesce acquiescence
wipe wiper
screw bed
sell selling
inquire inquiring
own owner
assume assumption
capitalize capitalization
rot rotting
emerge emergence
strip stripper
equate equal
hijack hijacking
accredit accreditation
fix fixer
disengage disengagement
bellow bellowing
differentiate differentiator
edge edging
arbitrate arbitrator
settle settler
counsel counselor
survive survival
prescribe prescription
trace tracing
indulge indulging
bromate bromine
annoy annoyance
disburse disbursal
rib ribbing
row rower
unload unloading
mutate mutant
repent repentance
analyze analyzer
portend portent
authorize authorization
edit editing
interfere interference
recant recantation
rock rocker
protect protection
weave weaving
bear bearing
word wording
hedge hedger
scream screamer
import importer
interpret interpreting
sour souring
reunite reunion
line lining
rejuvenate rejuvenation
stuff stuffing
emit emission
differ difference
decompress decompression
repeat repeating
stabilize stabilization
reforest reforestation
cricket cricketer
agonize agony
motivate motivation
extend extension
factor factoring
lift lifter
disclose disclosure
examine examination
sign signer
repossess repossession
migrate migration
jerk jerking
recruit recruitment
fry frying
defy defiance
resolve resolution
store storage
repair reparation
militarize military
save savior
leak leakage
damn damnation
sew sewing
acclaim acclamation
reassign reassignment
defuse defusing
transmit transmitting
flank flanker
supplement supplementation
judge judiciary
carpet carpeting
lie liar
eat eating
coagulate coagulant
capitalize capital
propose proposal
agitate agitator
water watering
sprawl sprawling
contemplate contemplation
certify certificate
cast casting
rave raving
peruse perusing
acquire acquisition
crow crowing
salvage salvager
glide gliding
salve salvage
explore explorer
inspect inspector
procrastinate procrastination
dismiss dismissal
divest divestiture
plead pleading
communicate communicating
win winnings
rebuild rebuilding
deflate deflator
bind binding
complain complaint
pursue pursuance
cuddle cuddling
reserve reservation
strangle strangulation
refurbish refurbishment
solo soloist
image imagery
desecrate desecration
investigate investigating
confer conference
prompt prompter
highlight highlighting
graft grafting
shrink shrinkage
evaluate evaluator
dwindle dwindling
computerize computerization
oppress oppressor
oblige obligation
recount recounting
hook hooker
etch etching
trick trickery
log logging
enjoin enjoining
laminate lamination
deflect deflection
sift sifting
disown disowning
disqualify disqualification
assure assurance
pave pavement
ripen ripening
shoot shooting
merge merging
vacillate vacillation
sparkle sparkler
train trainer
battle battler
beep beeper
squander squandering
bugger buggery
conspire conspirator
guzzle guzzling
erect erection
refresh refresher
convalesce convalescent
warm warmer
contend contender
drum drumming
revel revelry
transport transportation
revitalize revitalization
rear rearing
dodge dodger
solicit solicitor
tailor tailoring
orchestrate orchestration
inspect inspection
scheme schemer
darken darkening
found founder
expect expectancy
serve servant
hurdle hurdler
deflate deflation
speak speech
grin grinning
jog jogger
find finding
update updating
acclimate climate
excite excitement
heckle heckler
espouse espousal
manipulate manipulation
stimulate stimulation
compassionate compassion
denominate denomination
itemize item
invade invader
vanish vanishing
mark marking
manage manager
cover report
indicate indication
feed feeder
adjourn adjournment
beatify beatification
generate generation
liberate liberator
blackmail blackmailer
tap tapping
replenish replenishment
reimpose reimposition
sift sieve
flow flowing
remove removal
eradicate eradication
smuggle smuggler
allow allowance
schedule scheduler
segment segmentation
separate discrimination
offend offense
scream screaming
crawl crawling
cleanse cleanser
wail wailing
file filer
oxygenate oxygen
depreciate depreciation
mine miner
clinch clincher
resurge resurgence
cleave cleft
subside subsidence
glorify glorification
foreclose foreclosure
chastise chastisement
contract contracting
contaminate contamination
bet better
murder murderer
ignore ignorance
exhume exhumation
build builder
lever leverage
internationalize internationalization
rattle rattling
revalue revaluation
promote promotion
fit fitting
date dating
suspend suspension
configure configuration
issue issuer
mow mower
inoculate inoculation
discover discoverer
ruminate ruminant
fossilize fossil
kidnap kidnapper
locate locator
direct director
record recorder
undress strip
complicate complication
voyage voyager
disband disbandment
promulgate promulgation
entertain entertainer
tone toner
default defaulter
equate equation
disperse dispersion
clock clocking
relate relation
encase encasement
fester festering
refute refutation
reappear reappearance
lean leaner
cure curing
foster fostering
wreck wrecking
stand stance
hoax hoaxer
lie lying
remain remnant
moderate moderator
quantify quantification
reinstate reinstatement
deter deterrent
hide hiding
resist resistance
tighten tightening
set setting
officiate officiating
fill filling
uplift uplifting
vilify vilification
punt punting
bake baker
seize seizing
avow avowal
woo wooing
function functioning
motor motoring
revoke revocation
ventilate vent
run running
revolve roll
cow coward
aggregate aggregator
move mover
disarm disarming
heal healer
spoil spoiler
mystify puzzlement
fold folder
lodge lodging
shock shocker
immobilize immobilizing
arouse arousal
defer deferral
bank banker
reproduce reproduction
content contentment
reveal revelation
proliferate proliferation
lament lamentation
suck sucking
headline headliner
bombard bombardment
endorse endorser
post postage
emulate emulation
pretend pretender
riot rioting
shade shading
founder foundering
progress progression
spend spender
defoliate defoliant
parent parentage
dispute disputation
access accession
lag laggard
accumulate accumulation
desalinate desalination
construct construction
hop hopper
sense sensation
produce producer
dance dancer
try trial
shop shopping
salute pledge
point pointer
rectify rectification
enter entrant
accuse accuser
derive deriving
snort snorting
exert exertion
bicycle bicyclist
accelerate acceleration
agree agreement
disagree disagreement
retrain retraining
rewrite rewriting
optimize optimization
infiltrate infiltrator
mount mounting
despise despising
tell telling
collide collision
mine mining
determine determination
costume costumer
socialize socializing
pave paving
sustain sustenance
prosecute prosecution
struggle struggler
standardize standardization
incinerate incineration
extinguish extinguisher
drink drinking
celebrate celebration
forward forwarding
convey conveyance
cross crossing
ring ringer
jeer jeering
retrieve retriever
compound compounding
correlate correlation
abet abettor
quench quenching
resuscitate resuscitation
dismantle dismantlement
cluster clustering
compile compiler
tow tower
bargain bargaining
relive reliving
transpose transposition
conquer conqueror
embrace embracing
tame tamer
guarantee guarantor
squat squatter
shop shopper
vaccinate vaccine
intercept interceptor
provide provision
oust ouster
climb climbing
admit admittance
syndicate syndication
initiate initiator
persuade persuader
wade wading
place aim
delude delusion
mumble mumbling
flavor flavoring
populate population
survive survivor
lighter lighterage
evaporate vapor
designate designation
flap flapping
switch switching
compress compressing
diagnose diagnosing
conjure conjuring
extradite extradition
coast coaster
abdicate abdication
soak soaker
package packaging
attend attendant
transfer transference
toboggan tobogganing
underperform underperformer
cough coughing
ache aching
plumb plumbing
tear tearing
underestimate underestimation
opine opinion
calculate calculus
terminate terminus
enforce enforcer
qualify quality
publish publication
adhere adhesion
abduct abduction
reaffirm reaffirmation
chew chewing
remember remembrance
judge judgment
strip stripping
sheet sheeting
meet meeting
pronounce pronouncement
mingle mingling
circumcise circumcision
vacation vacationing
shed shedding
portray portrayal
shine shining
destroy destroyer
rent renting
collect collection
comply compliance
crack cracking
conjure conjurer
ship shipper
fail failing
accomplish accomplishment
brace bracing
free freeing
germinate germ
equate equator
alternate alternation
dissect dissection
miniaturize miniature
adjudicate judge
dispatch dispatcher
reduce reduction
recognize recognition
announce announcer
vaccinate vaccination
attain attainment
disable disablement
implant implantation
bruise bruiser
spin spinner
bid bidding
define defining
legislate legislation
improve improvement
implicate implication
invoke invocation
divert diversion
subside subsiding
sprout sprouting
crowd crowding
perpetuate perpetuation
find finder
interlock interlocking
accentuate accent
fascinate fascination
die death
called calling
fuel fueling
panel paneling
usurp usurper
touch touching
involve involvement
deprecate deprecation
vary variant
skate skater
vault vaulting
opt option
seduce seduction
carpenter carpentry
advise advisement
restrict restriction
lubricate lubricant
follow follower
feed feeding
time timing
decimate decimation
explore exploration
help helper
coat coating
beat bafflement
anchor anchorage
document documentary
manipulate manipulator
compact compaction
arrange arranger
radiate radiator
smooth smoother
stitch stitching
trust trustee
certify certification
soldier soldiering
sort sorting
result resultant
let lessor
warn warning
synthesize synthesizer
bifurcate fork
soften softening
sweat sweater
enroll enrollment
travel traveler
dive diver
sanctify saint
remarry remarriage
differentiate differentiation
legalize legalization
grumble grumbling
drug drugging
reassert reassertion
adapt adapter
portray portraitist
renovate renovation
compete competitor
oversimplify oversimplification
subscribe subscriber
ring ringing
bound boundary
invert inverter
perfume perfumery
marginalize marginalization
grow growth
pollinate pollination
deter deterrence
respect respecter
baffle mystery
offend offender
distribute distributor
preach preacher
slave slavery
buy buying
yell yelling
soak soaking
sink sinking
instruct instruction
wait waiter
quell quelling
detect detecting
condition conditioner
restate restatement
duplicate duplication
despair desperate
expel expulsion
adapt adaption
pigment pigmentation
rent renter
recommence recommencement
discontinue discontinuance
gather gathering
consult consultant
exercise exercising
recur recurrence
intern internment
talk talking
growl growling
erect erecting
enclose enclosing
machine machinist
germinate germination
tick ticker
mutate mutation
escape escapist
stay stayer
empty emptying
amaze amazement
overestimate overestimation
denude denudation
underpay underpayment
litigate litigant
tabulate tabulation
know knowing
moisten moisture
confirm confirmation
exclude exclusion
delineate delineation
tick ticking
evaporate evaporation
poke poker
smile smiling
grow growing
dream dreamer
dispense dispensation
copy copying
continue continuation
catalyze catalyst
drive driver
convoke convocation
reincarnate reincarnation
gravitate gravitation
control controller
assess assessment
shuffle shuffling
strain strainer
vouch voucher
screen screening
defer deference
syndicate syndicator
erode eroding
gloat gloating
immigrate immigration
heave heaving
assign assignation
retrench retrenchment
house housing
worry worrying
invest investor
specialize specialization
break breaker
classify classification
assemble assemblage
scrape scraping
tint tinting
travel traveling
trounce trouncing
photograph photographer
temper tempering
TUNING
inherit inheritance
quarter quartering
assign assignment
score scorer
convey conveyor
inquire inquiry
perform performing
support supporting
twist twister
hit hitter
kindle kindling
convey conveying
receive reception
seek seeking
officiate office
canal canalisation
encapsulate encapsulation
compare comparing
listen listening
bear bearer
resolve resolving
castrate castration
crystalize crystal
analyze analysis
suppose supposition
compare comparison
act action
succeed successor
present presenter
decode decoding
itch itching
fruit fruition
dawn dawning
terrorize terror
wage engagement
specify specification
sprinkle sprinkler
fabricate fabrication
hesitate hesitancy
immigrate immigrant
charm charmer
pronounce pronunciation
clown clowning
full fuller
whistle whistling
stagnate stagnation
facilitate facilitator
oversee overseer
regulate regulation
foot footer
litigate litigator
rehearse rehearsal
long longer
jewel jewelry
glamorize glamorization
stain staining
share sharing
inflict infliction
commercialize commercialization
occupy occupancy
raze razing
refine refining
cool coolant
bore borer
enhance enhancer
suffice sufficiency
model modeling
reclaim reclamation
lubricate lubrication
curl curling
distill distillate
extend extent
immobilize immobilization
rid riddance
falsify falsity
spy spying
rant ranting
overheat overheating
torment tormentor
refill refilling
tax taxation
butt butter
replicate replica
stretch stretcher
chant chanting
focus focussing
long longing
place placement
roast roaster
converse conversation
plaster plastering
stamp stamper
block blockage
postpone postponement
recycle recycling
entitle entitlement
promote promoter
dump dumping
activate activator
prosecute prosecutor
cover reportage
hawk hawker
commute commuter
administrate administrator
gyrate gyration
box boxing
collect collecting
pit pitting
encrypt encryption
campaign campaigner
deify deity
interconnect interconnection
extrapolate extrapolation
indemnify indemnity
unite union
mountaineer mountaineering
stalk stalking
dream dreaming
wreck wrecker
apportion apportionment
ape aper
expound expansion
shear shears
ferment fermenting
dilute dilution
eat eater
relegate relegation
detain detention
crack cracker
breed breeder
pant panting
elevate elevation
tour tourist
generalize generalization
snuggle snuggling
indulge indulgence
happen happening
solve solution
satisfy satisfaction
acquit acquittal
earn earnings
treat treatment
disinfect disinfection
index indexation
throb throbbing
preserve preservation
delegate delegation
exempt exemption
shake shaking
silence silencer
mix mixer
accept acceptance
commission commissioning
instrument instrumentation
demolish demolishing
diet dietary
vault vaulter
terminate finish
waste wasting
intercept interception
catch catcher
rehabilitate rehabilitation
advise adviser
walk walking
smash smashing
perform performance
relocate relocation
finalize finalization
drive drift
arm armament
propel propulsion
trample trampling
assail assailant
carbonate carbonation
persuade persuasion
subsist subsistence
cover covering
precede precedence
constrict constrictor
tamper tampering
explain explanation
expect expectation
decorate decor
tube tubing
utilize utilization
salve salvation
transmit transmittal
clap clapping
incubate incubation
replicate replication
fluctuate fluctuation
shadow shadowing
dry drier
solve solvent
snip snipping
mellow mellowing
ingest ingestion
tremble trembling
eject ejection
recuperate recuperation
sign signature
huff huffing
plot plotter
rise rising
sob sobbing
wound wounding
emphasize emphasis
paint painter
liberalize liberalization
reunify reunification
extinguish extinction
oppose opposition
advance advancement
publicize publicizing
propose proposer
proclaim proclamation
smell smelling
trim trimming
disgorge disgorgement
wrap wrapping
broker brokerage
sting stinger
fence fencing
act actor
negate negation
dance dancing
chase chaser
liberate liberty
fumigate fume
pare paring
select selection
speed speeding
evict eviction
scan scanner
rebel rebellion
retard retardation
alleviate alleviation
decide decision
enlist enlistment
infuse infusion
annul annulment
acquire acquirer
aspire aspiration
falter faltering
expel expelling
smart smarting
project projection
conciliate conciliator
bathe bathing
ferment fermentation
undervalue undervaluation
secrete secretion
print printer
dose dosage
reevaluate reevaluation
offer offeror
adapt adaptation
yawn yawner
urinate urine
furnish furnishing
disavow disavowal
gain gainer
mystify puzzle
kiss kissing
weaken weakening
weld welder
commemorate commemoration
sensitize sensitizer
curb check
convene convention
detect detector
grind grinding
harmonize harmony
prick pricking
contain containment
clean cleaner
land landing
season seasoning
cool cooling
sediment sedimentation
disapprove disapproval
idle idler
graze grazing
deceive deception
dare daring
loathe loathing
rebury reburial
hatch hatchery
enlist enlisting
dive diving
develop development
conduct conduction
condense condensation
disclaim disclaimer
cover reporting
relax relaxant
sing song
TEST
cook cooking
plunge plunger
examine examinee
shut shutter
crackle crackling
grill grilling
sense sensor
taste taster
swing swinging
receive recipient
pad padding
convalesce convalescence
time timer
retry retrial
accord accordance
provide provider
compose composure
appraise appraiser
farm farming
quack quackery
register registrant
create creation
enter entering
head heading
succeed succession
specialize specialist
pack packing
picture picturing
compress compression
object objection
disinvest disinvestment
predict predictor
impound impounding
flame flaming
dock dockage
deposit depositor
absorb absorption
sweep sweeper
inform information
make maker
ice icing
get getting
engineer engineering
classify class
obligate obligation
chop chopper
flip flipper
feast feasting
mean meaning
scatter scattering
dodge dodging
head header
float floating
order ordering
settle settlement
expend expenditure
maximize maximization
consign consignment
slide slider
pacify peace
incline inclination
relegate relegating
ground grounding
achieve achiever
dehydrate dehydration
demonstrate demonstration
juggle juggling
chill chilling
confide confidant
tank tankage
second secondment
crave craving
acquaint acquaintance
overpay overpayment
socialize socialization
impersonate impersonation
regenerate regeneration
taper tapering
abstract abstraction
substantiate substantiation
creep creeping
imitate imitation
recruit recruiter
design designer
nurse nursery
adjust adjustment
thwart thwarting
reverse reversal
discontinue discontinuation
declare declaration
propel propellor
overlap overlapping
require requisition
predominate predominance
nominate nomination
precipitate precipitator
intoxicate intoxicant
inflame inflammation
photocopy photocopier
disobey disobedience
induce induction
orphan orphanage
reduce reducing
orchestrate orchestrator
produce product
derail derailment
mug mugger
market marketer
dispossess dispossession
solidify solid
awaken awakening
commence commencement
cloud clouding
reinsure reinsurance
inform informant
suck suction
disenfranchise disenfranchisement
depopulate depopulation
quarry quarrying
arm armor
circulate circulation
pipe piping
keep keeping
abound abundance
unionize union
climb climber
clear clearance
carry carriage
borrow borrower
bumble bumbler
redevelop redevelopment
incinerate incinerator
motivate motivator
distill distillation
steam steamer
review reviewer
auction auctioneer
oscillate oscillation
explode explosion
hiss hissing
swell swelling
desert deserter
enclose enclosure
slack slacking
account accounting
trim trimmer
forge forgery
revise revising
wet wetting
overstate overstatement
shore shoring
apply applicant
dissolve dissolution
pet petting
propel propellant
overvalue overvaluation
define definition
govern governing
sound sounder
sever severing
stun stunner
constitute constituent
advise advisor
whirl whirling
liberate liberation
liquefy liquefaction
submerge submerging
pipe piper
vacate vacation
cheer cheering
back backer
emasculate emasculation
transship transshipment
push pusher
post poster
fish fishery
exploit exploiter
whip whipping
punctuate punctuation
learn learner
contribute contributor
disturb disturbance
abet abetment
amalgamate amalgam
transplant transplantation
recuse recusal
invite invitation
criminalize criminal
accede accession
compile compilation
dangle dangling
consider consideration
abstain abstinent
straggle straggler
cook cooker
scour scouring
care caring
bid bidder
follow following
motor motorist
fill filler
manage management
converge convergence
marry marriage
denounce denouncement
deviate deviant
knock knocker
surf surfing
plod plodding
style stylist
arraign arraignment
deport deportee
accompany accompaniment
descend descent
assassinate assassination
tempt temptation
maltreat maltreatment
assimilate assimilation
turn turning
attenuate attenuation
sympathize sympathy
elbow elbowing
load loader
dress dresser
grant grantor
gas gassing
envision envisioning
rearrange rearrangement
rush rusher
bloom bloomer
camp camper
receive receptor
commit committee
mutter muttering
escape escapee
dominate domination
approve approval
inaugurate inauguration
seep seepage
grow grower
stipulate stipulation
license licenser
begin beginner
tease teasing
circulate circular
dribble dribbling
vibrate vibration
trap trapper
tutor tutelage
fly flier
interrogate interrogation
fortify fort
mix mixture
iron ironing
deride derision
scale scaling
mobilize mobilization
cry crying
raise raiser
portray portrait
include inclusion
compensate compensation
consist consistence
hurt hurting
solve solver
command commandment
subdivide subdivision
sing singer
integrate integral
give giving
plan planning
loot looting
disrupt disruption
cruise cruiser
supervise supervision
survey surveying
institute institution
jam jamming
seat seating
convene convener
deal dealing
taste tasting
arbitrate arbitration
reexamine reexamination
cobble cobbling
refer referee
redistribute redistribution
wave waver
require requirement
transfer transferral
patronize patron
daub daubing
toy toying
irritate irritation
absent absentee
speak speaking
jeopardize jeopardy
oxidise oxide
kneel kneeling
pillage pillaging
speculate speculator
see seer
freight freighter
illustrate illustration
refer reference
depose deposition
frighten frightening
cannibalize cannibal
dig digging
believe belief
block blocking
can cannery
throttle throttling
fence fencer
field fielding
discount discounter
dampen dampening
scoff scoffing
depict depicting
readmit readmission
coincide coincidence
devastate devastation
urge urging
depart departure
equip equipping
prioritize priority
parole parolee
open opening
examine examiner
dissipate dissipation
defect defector
eavesdrop eavesdropper
gamble gambling
