TRAINING
file refile
broadcast rebroadcast
bid rebid
focus refocus
assume reassume
assure reassure
new renew
paid repaid
marriage remarriage
engagement reengagement
hear rehear
print reprint
occurrence reoccurrence
evaluating reevaluating
interpret reinterpret
uptake reuptake
discount rediscount
double redouble
open reopen
trial retrial
invest reinvest
calculate recalculate
conversion reconversion
write rewrite
invent reinvent
evaluated reevaluated
petition repetition
sort resort
insurance reinsurance
grade regrade
appraisal reappraisal
think rethink
state restate
classify reclassify
count recount
live relive
look relook
model remodel
configure reconfigure
qualify requalify
load reload
schedule reschedule
charge recharge
enactment reenactment
certify recertify
register reregister
name rename
entry reentry
assess reassess
conquer reconquer
examining reexamining
start restart
forestation reforestation
connection reconnection
size resize
hire rehire
shuffle reshuffle
vamp revamp
arrange rearrange
stage restage
transmission retransmission
do redo
valuation revaluation
purchase repurchase
elect reelect
phrase rephrase
route reroute
cast recast
surface resurface
run rerun
evaluate reevaluate
conquest reconquest
gain regain
election reelection
condition recondition
issue reissue
cycle recycle
assert reassert
draw redraw
paying repaying
acquisition reacquisition
location relocation
appointment reappointment
arm rearm
assessment reassessment
assemble reassemble
link relink
definition redefinition
try retry
TUNING
match rematch
stenosis restenosis
brand rebrand
populate repopulate
install reinstall
appear reappear
target retarget
adjust readjust
survey resurvey
awaken reawaken
TEST
instate reinstate
organize reorganize
jig rejig
vision revision
heat reheat
birth rebirth
direct redirect
zone rezone
admit readmit
call recall
treatment retreatment
make remake
work rework
playing replaying
book rebook
group regroup
union reunion
assertion reassertion
