TRAINING
target retarget
register reregister
qualify requalify
admit readmit
engagement reengagement
union reunion
assertion reassertion
focus refocus
instate reinstate
cycle recycle
surface resurface
write rewrite
model remodel
print reprint
entry reentry
size resize
phrase rephrase
playing replaying
new renew
survey resurvey
hear rehear
evaluate reevaluate
calculate recalculate
broadcast rebroadcast
election reelection
name rename
jig rejig
group regroup
cast recast
occurrence reoccurrence
draw redraw
invent reinvent
assume reassume
populate repopulate
invest reinvest
definition redefinition
stage restage
paid repaid
link relink
elect reelect
live relive
appointment reappointment
organize reorganize
double redouble
state restate
file refile
try retry
evaluated reevaluated
appear reappear
assess reassess
run rerun
vision revision
conversion reconversion
petition repetition
trial retrial
brand rebrand
install reinstall
count recount
forestation reforestation
assemble reassemble
call recall
stenosis restenosis
connection reconnection
sort resort
work rework
assessment reassessment
examining reexamining
book rebook
classify reclassify
location relocation
discount rediscount
issue reissue
acquisition reacquisition
start restart
arm rearm
configure reconfigure
evaluating reevaluating
interpret reinterpret
enactment reenactment
hire rehire
zone rezone
open reopen
birth rebirth
vamp revamp
schedule reschedule
look relook
uptake reuptake
conquer reconquer
shuffle reshuffle
arrange rearrange
load reload
bid rebid
route reroute
treatment retreatment
assert reassert
TUNING
adjust readjust
condition recondition
make remake
direct redirect
paying repaying
certify recertify
purchase repurchase
appraisal reappraisal
do redo
heat reheat
charge recharge
TEST
assure reassure
awaken reawaken
valuation revaluation
marriage remarriage
gain regain
transmission retransmission
conquest reconquest
grade regrade
match rematch
think rethink
insurance reinsurance
