TRAINING
hear rehear
register reregister
print reprint
admit readmit
charge recharge
union reunion
assertion reassertion
qualify requalify
instate reinstate
cycle recycle
configure reconfigure
write rewrite
model remodel
vamp revamp
grade regrade
conquest reconquest
paying repaying
playing replaying
new renew
surface resurface
conversion reconversion
arm rearm
look relook
marriage remarriage
election reelection
start restart
jig rejig
group regroup
cast recast
enactment reenactment
draw redraw
invent reinvent
calculate recalculate
name rename
match rematch
definition redefinition
assure reassure
paid repaid
invest reinvest
elect reelect
examining reexamining
appointment reappointment
organize reorganize
double redouble
state restate
file refile
try retry
evaluated reevaluated
appear reappear
target retarget
run rerun
vision revision
stage restage
adjust readjust
insurance reinsurance
brand rebrand
install reinstall
count recount
forestation reforestation
entry reentry
call recall
occurrence reoccurrence
connection reconnection
trial retrial
work rework
gain regain
transmission retransmission
book rebook
do redo
location relocation
hire rehire
issue reissue
acquisition reacquisition
size resize
purchase repurchase
link relink
evaluating reevaluating
interpret reinterpret
sort resort
assert reassert
zone rezone
broadcast rebroadcast
birth rebirth
awaken reawaken
live relive
valuation revaluation
condition recondition
populate repopulate
bid rebid
arrange rearrange
load reload
classify reclassify
focus refocus
treatment retreatment
assemble reassemble
TUNING
think rethink
certify recertify
make remake
direct redirect
schedule reschedule
petition repetition
open reopen
appraisal reappraisal
assessment reassessment
heat reheat
assume reassume
TEST
assess reassess
route reroute
engagement reengagement
evaluate reevaluate
shuffle reshuffle
phrase rephrase
conquer reconquer
discount rediscount
survey resurvey
uptake reuptake
stenosis restenosis
