TRAINING
target retarget
register reregister
print reprint
admit readmit
engagement reengagement
union reunion
assertion reassertion
focus refocus
instate reinstate
cycle recycle
surface resurface
write rewrite
model remodel
vamp revamp
grade regrade
conquest reconquest
phrase rephrase
playing replaying
new renew
survey resurvey
conversion reconversion
evaluate reevaluate
look relook
marriage remarriage
election reelection
start restart
jig rejig
group regroup
cast recast
occurrence reoccurrence
draw redraw
invent reinvent
calculate recalculate
populate repopulate
match rematch
definition redefinition
assure reassure
paid repaid
invest reinvest
elect reelect
examining reexamining
appointment reappointment
organize reorganize
double redouble
state restate
file refile
try retry
evaluated reevaluated
appear reappear
assess reassess
run rerun
vision revision
stage restage
adjust readjust
insurance reinsurance
brand rebrand
install reinstall
count recount
forestation reforestation
entry reentry
call recall
stenosis restenosis
connection reconnection
trial retrial
work rework
gain regain
transmission retransmission
book rebook
do redo
location relocation
discount rediscount
issue reissue
acquisition reacquisition
size resize
arm rearm
link relink
evaluating reevaluating
interpret reinterpret
sort resort
hire rehire
zone rezone
broadcast rebroadcast
birth rebirth
awaken reawaken
live relive
valuation revaluation
uptake reuptake
conquer reconquer
shuffle reshuffle
arrange rearrange
load reload
bid rebid
route reroute
treatment retreatment
assemble reassemble
TUNING
think rethink
condition recondition
make remake
direct redirect
paying repaying
petition repetition
open reopen
appraisal reappraisal
assessment reassessment
heat reheat
charge recharge
TEST
hear rehear
qualify requalify
assume reassume
purchase repurchase
classify reclassify
schedule reschedule
name rename
assert reassert
configure reconfigure
certify recertify
enactment reenactment
