TRAINING
hear rehear
register reregister
print reprint
admit readmit
engagement reengagement
union reunion
assertion reassertion
qualify requalify
instate reinstate
cycle recycle
configure reconfigure
write rewrite
model remodel
vamp revamp
grade regrade
conquest reconquest
phrase rephrase
playing replaying
new renew
survey resurvey
conversion reconversion
evaluate reevaluate
look relook
marriage remarriage
election reelection
start restart
jig rejig
group regroup
cast recast
enactment reenactment
draw redraw
invent reinvent
calculate recalculate
name rename
match rematch
definition redefinition
assure reassure
paid repaid
invest reinvest
elect reelect
examining reexamining
appointment reappointment
organize reorganize
double redouble
state restate
file refile
try retry
evaluated reevaluated
appear reappear
assess reassess
run rerun
vision revision
stage restage
adjust readjust
insurance reinsurance
brand rebrand
install reinstall
count recount
forestation reforestation
entry reentry
call recall
stenosis restenosis
connection reconnection
trial retrial
work rework
gain regain
transmission retransmission
book rebook
do redo
location relocation
discount rediscount
issue reissue
acquisition reacquisition
size resize
purchase repurchase
link relink
evaluating reevaluating
interpret reinterpret
sort resort
assert reassert
zone rezone
broadcast rebroadcast
birth rebirth
awaken reawaken
live relive
valuation revaluation
uptake reuptake
conquer reconquer
shuffle reshuffle
arrange rearrange
load reload
classify reclassify
route reroute
treatment retreatment
assemble reassemble
TUNING
think rethink
certify recertify
make remake
direct redirect
schedule reschedule
petition repetition
open reopen
appraisal reappraisal
assessment reassessment
heat reheat
assume reassume
TEST
target retarget
focus refocus
charge recharge
arm rearm
bid rebid
paying repaying
populate repopulate
hire rehire
surface resurface
condition recondition
occurrence reoccurrence
