TRAINING
paying repaying
assess reassess
discount rediscount
shuffle reshuffle
appointment reappointment
register reregister
appraisal reappraisal
size resize
assemble reassemble
forestation reforestation
treatment retreatment
jig rejig
connection reconnection
valuation revaluation
schedule reschedule
qualify requalify
new renew
configure reconfigure
group regroup
cycle recycle
assessment reassessment
arm rearm
install reinstall
heat reheat
start restart
invent reinvent
evaluated reevaluated
calculate recalculate
file refile
organize reorganize
print reprint
conquer reconquer
insurance reinsurance
model remodel
state restate
vamp revamp
phrase rephrase
classify reclassify
issue reissue
enactment reenactment
accelerate reaccelerate
try retry
instate reinstate
surface resurface
run rerun
think rethink
entry reentry
election reelection
examining reexamining
trial retrial
conquest reconquest
arrange rearrange
certify recertify
survey resurvey
target retarget
condition recondition
location relocation
call recall
match rematch
assert reassert
assure reassure
marriage remarriage
assume reassume
name rename
hear rehear
stage restage
do redo
populate repopulate
paid repaid
vision revision
definition redefinition
uptake reuptake
broadcast rebroadcast
live relive
direct redirect
make remake
engagement reengagement
work rework
evaluating reevaluating
birth rebirth
petition repetition
appear reappear
charge recharge
union reunion
route reroute
playing replaying
book rebook
focus refocus
count recount
TUNING
grade regrade
double redouble
evaluate reevaluate
transmission retransmission
zone rezone
admit readmit
elect reelect
invest reinvest
hire rehire
acquisition reacquisition
TEST
cast recast
interpret reinterpret
adjust readjust
look relook
conversion reconversion
bid rebid
sort resort
occurrence reoccurrence
write rewrite
load reload
brand rebrand
stenosis restenosis
draw redraw
purchase repurchase
open reopen
gain regain
assertion reassertion
link relink
awaken reawaken
