TRAINING
match rematch
acquisition reacquisition
certify recertify
state restate
shuffle reshuffle
load reload
uptake reuptake
group regroup
engagement reengagement
cast recast
heat reheat
brand rebrand
focus refocus
discount rediscount
condition recondition
paid repaid
run rerun
link relink
classify reclassify
evaluated reevaluated
issue reissue
transmission retransmission
count recount
adjust readjust
organize reorganize
hire rehire
charge recharge
file refile
insurance reinsurance
vision revision
model remodel
try retry
install reinstall
appear reappear
accelerate reaccelerate
sort resort
print reprint
zone rezone
connection reconnection
admit readmit
purchase repurchase
entry reentry
union reunion
assemble reassemble
valuation revaluation
open reopen
think rethink
populate repopulate
book rebook
definition redefinition
draw redraw
look relook
trial retrial
appointment reappointment
write rewrite
conquer reconquer
schedule reschedule
stage restage
occurrence reoccurrence
interpret reinterpret
paying repaying
stenosis restenosis
assure reassure
surface resurface
evaluate reevaluate
double redouble
hear rehear
bid rebid
awaken reawaken
grade regrade
live relive
make remake
invent reinvent
calculate recalculate
forestation reforestation
new renew
location relocation
assertion reassertion
examining reexamining
instate reinstate
petition repetition
direct redirect
name rename
birth rebirth
register reregister
vamp revamp
do redo
treatment retreatment
enactment reenactment
survey resurvey
elect reelect
size resize
configure reconfigure
broadcast rebroadcast
jig rejig
playing replaying
TUNING
arm rearm
conversion reconversion
assume reassume
start restart
evaluating reevaluating
appraisal reappraisal
arrange rearrange
gain regain
marriage remarriage
qualify requalify
work rework
TEST
assert reassert
call recall
phrase rephrase
assess reassess
route reroute
conquest reconquest
target retarget
election reelection
assessment reassessment
invest reinvest
cycle recycle
