TRAINING
match rematch
acquisition reacquisition
certify recertify
state restate
enactment reenactment
load reload
uptake reuptake
assess reassess
engagement reengagement
cast recast
heat reheat
brand rebrand
focus refocus
model remodel
work rework
issue reissue
evaluated reevaluated
link relink
classify reclassify
invest reinvest
book rebook
entry reentry
count recount
adjust readjust
organize reorganize
paid repaid
charge recharge
file refile
insurance reinsurance
vision revision
marriage remarriage
vamp revamp
assert reassert
appear reappear
accelerate reaccelerate
sort resort
print reprint
zone rezone
surface resurface
admit readmit
purchase repurchase
arrange rearrange
name rename
assemble reassemble
valuation revaluation
open reopen
think rethink
populate repopulate
assessment reassessment
union reunion
draw redraw
look relook
transmission retransmission
arm rearm
write rewrite
conquer reconquer
schedule reschedule
birth rebirth
occurrence reoccurrence
interpret reinterpret
paying repaying
stenosis restenosis
assure reassure
calculate recalculate
evaluate reevaluate
connection reconnection
hear rehear
bid rebid
awaken reawaken
grade regrade
live relive
make remake
invent reinvent
cycle recycle
instate reinstate
condition recondition
discount rediscount
assertion reassertion
elect reelect
appointment reappointment
petition repetition
run rerun
group regroup
try retry
register reregister
conquest reconquest
shuffle reshuffle
install reinstall
jig rejig
survey resurvey
treatment retreatment
size resize
configure reconfigure
broadcast rebroadcast
call recall
election reelection
TUNING
phrase rephrase
conversion reconversion
assume reassume
start restart
evaluating reevaluating
appraisal reappraisal
target retarget
gain regain
route reroute
direct redirect
playing replaying
TEST
examining reexamining
do redo
forestation reforestation
definition redefinition
location relocation
stage restage
trial retrial
new renew
hire rehire
qualify requalify
double redouble
