TRAINING
match rematch
call recall
certify recertify
state restate
shuffle reshuffle
load reload
target retarget
group regroup
engagement reengagement
cast recast
heat reheat
brand rebrand
focus refocus
discount rediscount
condition recondition
paid repaid
run rerun
link relink
classify reclassify
evaluated reevaluated
issue reissue
transmission retransmission
count recount
adjust readjust
election reelection
hire rehire
charge recharge
cycle recycle
insurance reinsurance
vision revision
model remodel
try retry
install reinstall
appear reappear
accelerate reaccelerate
sort resort
print reprint
zone rezone
connection reconnection
admit readmit
purchase repurchase
entry reentry
union reunion
assess reassess
register reregister
open reopen
think rethink
organize reorganize
book rebook
definition redefinition
draw redraw
look relook
trial retrial
appointment reappointment
write rewrite
invest reinvest
schedule reschedule
stage restage
occurrence reoccurrence
interpret reinterpret
assemble reassemble
stenosis restenosis
conquest reconquest
surface resurface
evaluate reevaluate
double redouble
hear rehear
bid rebid
awaken reawaken
assessment reassessment
conquer reconquer
file refile
uptake reuptake
calculate recalculate
forestation reforestation
new renew
location relocation
assertion reassertion
examining reexamining
instate reinstate
acquisition reacquisition
direct redirect
name rename
birth rebirth
assert reassert
vamp revamp
do redo
treatment retreatment
enactment reenactment
assure reassure
elect reelect
broadcast rebroadcast
grade regrade
route reroute
jig rejig
playing replaying
TUNING
arm rearm
conversion reconversion
phrase rephrase
start restart
assume reassume
appraisal reappraisal
arrange rearrange
gain regain
marriage remarriage
qualify requalify
work rework
TEST
valuation revaluation
petition repetition
evaluating reevaluating
paying repaying
size resize
survey resurvey
invent reinvent
populate repopulate
configure reconfigure
live relive
make remake
