TRAINING
match rematch
acquisition reacquisition
certify recertify
state restate
shuffle reshuffle
load reload
uptake reuptake
assess reassess
engagement reengagement
cast recast
heat reheat
brand rebrand
focus refocus
discount rediscount
condition recondition
paid repaid
evaluated reevaluated
link relink
classify reclassify
invest reinvest
book rebook
transmission retransmission
count recount
adjust readjust
organize reorganize
hire rehire
charge recharge
file refile
insurance reinsurance
vision revision
marriage remarriage
vamp revamp
assert reassert
appear reappear
accelerate reaccelerate
sort resort
print reprint
zone rezone
connection reconnection
admit readmit
purchase repurchase
arrange rearrange
union reunion
assemble reassemble
valuation revaluation
open reopen
think rethink
populate repopulate
assessment reassessment
definition redefinition
draw redraw
look relook
trial retrial
arm rearm
write rewrite
conquer reconquer
schedule reschedule
stage restage
occurrence reoccurrence
interpret reinterpret
paying repaying
stenosis restenosis
assure reassure
calculate recalculate
evaluate reevaluate
double redouble
hear rehear
bid rebid
awaken reawaken
grade regrade
live relive
make remake
invent reinvent
cycle recycle
forestation reforestation
new renew
location relocation
assertion reassertion
examining reexamining
instate reinstate
petition repetition
direct redirect
group regroup
birth rebirth
register reregister
conquest reconquest
do redo
install reinstall
jig rejig
survey resurvey
elect reelect
size resize
configure reconfigure
broadcast rebroadcast
call recall
election reelection
TUNING
phrase rephrase
conversion reconversion
assume reassume
start restart
evaluating reevaluating
appraisal reappraisal
target retarget
gain regain
route reroute
qualify requalify
playing replaying
TEST
treatment retreatment
enactment reenactment
appointment reappointment
name rename
model remodel
try retry
entry reentry
work rework
issue reissue
run rerun
surface resurface
